---
title: Site Reconstruction
date: 2026-04-15
tags: website
---

After about 2 years of site inactivity, Finally got around to redoing the site. For a while I've wanted to abandon my [old site](https://github.com/Origamijr/CapitalistManifestoDesu), which was built using the Angular framework. That was mostly because it was built during an internship where I was using Angular.

Over time, I've grown a slight distaste for frameworks. Reasons being:

- They introduce a lot of bloat and irrelevant boilerplate
- Most frameworks rely on libraries, and dependencies scare me
- Popular frameworks change too fast, and skills built in one framework do not necessarily transfer into another
- Frameworks create an inductive bias on the overall design of the website, which while the bias may be justified, I'd prefer a slightly more raw and flexible design

Since I've distanced myself from the world of frameworks and returned to monke, I've decided to shed the code bloat and use just vanilla html+js without any libraries. The only problem was that I wasn't an experienced user of html, css, and js.

Now, I've got a slight taste of how good coding agents are. I know it goes against my third and fourth point, but I've decided to use LLMs to help rebuild my website from scratch. For the most part, I've been keeping tasks small, with more micromanaging from me so I can get the gist of how js and html interact.

Still working through things, but I think I like the current format. Things I still need to do:

- Update projects with all of my projects (particularly research projects from the past 4 years)
- Verify the execution of metadata generation in github workflows
- Eventually verify full functionality of blog page when more blog posts are posted